'How cool were your grandparents?   https://t.co/BBtV4YkwFq'
'https://t.co/qJdzIDLmNU'
'who came first?  😂👍 https://t.co/EEJKnXIDGy'
'https://t.co/q1Hp8mjtWV'
'https://t.co/sTIk6NUNlI'
'https://t.co/igWiOfCDGs'
'https://t.co/2k2cxFGHhb'
'https://t.co/GdgmBXAVMz'
'https://t.co/B9U8vc0H6W'
'https://t.co/w4UdshjSvB'
'https://t.co/UoFNeaW8XJ'
'https://t.co/qUFyLKOcuY'
'https://t.co/BQI0U5Oclz'
'https://t.co/sIb1Gcnge0'
'https://t.co/A2LDc1URKa'
'https://t.co/I4CICz2zXS'
'https://t.co/NJZCTgbK2N'
'https://t.co/VXydmu4twD'
'It's not difficult to tell crocodiles and alligators apart.   One will see you in a while, the other will see you later.'
'https://t.co/BEJeiKt709'
'https://t.co/n9JCD0JzAd'
'https://t.co/fIjOTfexcw'
'https://t.co/sskKQ8Cx2k'
'https://t.co/F93hy9bdqy'
'https://t.co/WYS3BcwL60'
'https://t.co/cfpRVaLsmp'
'https://t.co/ryQUMeexqI'
'https://t.co/nzUqrxY1R7'
'https://t.co/EjkniCweAt'
'https://t.co/rqB5uDWmFA'
'https://t.co/kGUOHPywpU'
'I'll do algebra, I'll  put up with calculus, I'll even push through trigonometry.   But graphing is where I draw the line.'
'https://t.co/GTiOQSR9xY'
'He had a secret foot fetish. He preferred imperial measurements to metric.'
'She gasped as it became harder and stiffer the moment she touched it.  I probably should've warned her about that quick-set cement.'
''Lets do it nice and slow' she said. 'Alright then, as you wish' he replied and hooked her computer to a 56K modem.   #HappyInternautDay'
'In bed he was a mystery like Schrödinger's cat. He was both turned on and turned off, he was both erect and flaccid at the same time.'
''How about the missionary Position?' she whispered in his ears.  'Thanks! but I love my job as a tech support' he replied with pride.''
''So tell me, how adventurous is your sex life?' she asked.  As adventurous as that Star Wars Character  "Hand Solo" he replied.'
'" show me yours boy, I'll show you mine" she said naughtily.   "Alright " he said "here's my limited edition Han Solo Blaster, what you got?'
'"Just gonna stand there and watch me burn" she sang suggestively. Confusing it for sing-off he sang back "this girl is on fire."'
'After numerous failed attempts he finally managed to get it erect. There was nothing that could stop him from building a Lego Eiffel tower.'
'https://t.co/GqFkLh8qD0'
'" It feels so tight and warm inside" he said. The wardrobe was his favourite place to hide when they played hide-and-seek.'
'Use some spit, stroke it is till it's erect, then gently slide it into the hole' she said. He didn't know how to thread a needle.'
'"Hold it in your hand and slide it further in, yes that's the sweet spot" he said. "Now that's how you connect an HDMI cable to an Xbox."'
'RT @IamJustWhoIm: If Nicholas Cage played these Characters on Game of Thrones 😂😂😂 https://t.co/GRV1VxrTZj'
'"I am still not satisfied, I want another one" she said. "No I can't do it" he replied "not another Brexit referendum.   #Brexit2 #Brexit'
''I think you should use protection' she said. I don't need one' he replied beaming with confidence, 'my computer runs on Ubuntu.''
'' I want you to go down under today' she whispered seductively in his ears.  'You mean Australia? he replied with excitement #NerdPriorities'
'After hours of desperate fumbling and groping, he finally arched his back and let out a sharp squeal. At last he'd found the TV remote.'
'' I like it long, and I like it hard ' she whispered in his ears. 'Alright here it is ' he replied as he gave her his math homework.'
'" I want you go down under today" she whispered seductively in his ears.  "But why'? he asked 'why do I have to go Australia? ''
''Let's try a different position today' she said excitingly. 'Alright' he replied and then moved the sofa 1.5 metres from the TV and the PS4.'
''Don't make it fast' she said ' i like it slow.' 'Alright then' he replied and hooked her computer to a 56k modem.'
''Hurt me ' she said leaning over the desk. 'Alright ' he said 'you're so fat, if you sat on a binary tree it'll flatten into a linked list''
'It was between her legs and she was desperately trying to ride it, but his Harry Potter's Nimbus 2000 broomstick replica just wouldn't fly.'
''Hurt me!' she cried, pressing her body up against the wall. 'Alright,' he said. 'You're a terrible cook and I fancy your sister.''
''I'm your slave,' she said, breathlessly, 'Make me feel completely helpless and worthless.' So I locked her in the room and went to the bar'
''I'm a bad girl,' she moaned as she bent over his workbench, 'I deserve to be punished.' 'Very well' he said, and cancelled her credit card.'
'' You don't need to wear a skirt, but I do like my women accessible' he said as he enabled remote desktop connection on her laptop.'
'' wanna touch my package?' he said. 'Sure' she beamed with excitement. 'Here it is' he said as he showed her his Taco Bell Star Wars Package'
''I think you should use protection' she said. I don't need one' he said beaming with confidence, 'my computer runs on Ubuntu.''
'' I wish it was a little longer ' she sighed.  'What am I to do honey ' he replied,  'Twitter has set a 140 characters limit per tweet.''
'What's is your  ultimate fantasy? "she asked.  My large "hardon" collider coming in contact with your "Higgs bosom" he replied.'
'50 Shades of Grey http://t.co/MaG9x7wS9p'
''What size do you prefer?' he asked. 'the bigger the better" she replied.   'Alright' he said as he sent her a 20 GB Star Wars torrent file.'
''Hurt me,' she begged, raising her skirt as she bent over my workbench. 'Very well,' I replied, 'You've got fat ankles and no dress sense.''
'Her fingers played all over his body until she found it and gently eased it in.  At last she'd finished her Luke Skywalker jigsaw.'
''Mmmm that's it,' she moaned, 'Now pinch it between your fingers, wiggle it about then pull gently.' She was the noisiest Jenga player ever.'
''So,' she asked, 'Have you suffered enough?' 'Yes!' I cried, desperately, 'No more emails with pictures of kittens wearing hats!''
'" I am in the mood tonight darling" she said, dressed in sexy stockings. "Me too" he replied, let's play "Halo".'
'I'll do anything you wish!' she cried as she stood naked before me. 'OK' I said 'Could you move to the left a bit so I can watch Top Gear?''
'Harder!' she cried, "Harder ", as she leaned over the dinning table. 'Alright,' I said, 'What's the gross national product of Nicaragua?''
'" show me yours and I'll show you mine" she said naughtily.   "Alright " he said "here's my limited edition Han Solo Blaster, what you got?'
'"Yeah baby, that's it, that's how you move it, back and forth, left and right " he said. She didn't know how to play chess.'
'http://t.co/t5BzpORb8n'
'"Are you just gonna stand there and watch me burn" she said.   " Alright, where does it burn?" he asked "here's some Aloe Vera gel."'
'"I can't do it "she said, " it just won't fit.  "That's an HDMI port babe" he replied " you gotta plug that pen drive in the USB port."'
''I'm desperate for a man's touch in the bedroom,' she begged. So I left my socks and trousers on the floor.'
''How do you feel about using toys in the bedroom?' she asked. 'Fine,' I said, 'But I can't see how we're going to fit a Scalextric in here.''
'She leaned over the table, "Take me now!" She moaned. So he took her Queen and checkmated her.'
'Frantically I tore off her dress, bra and knickers. My heart was racing but I just managed to close the wardrobe door before she got home.'
'"It's too big," She said. "I can barely put my hand around it!." " Use both hands baby" I replied. She didn't knew how to hold a lightsaber.'
'Oooh! she squealed, 'Yours is the biggest I've ever seen! 'I know,' he grinned, 'And it comes with an iPencil and a detachable keyboard.''
'Her tiny fingers gripped it firmly as she kept sucking on it,  his eyes met her eyes and she said " I like sipping my soda with the straw.'
'" I  am so wet " she said. "Just give it to me now." "Alright" he said " here's some tissue, wipe yourself off.'
'"Give it to me now!! I am so wet" she cried. Reluctantly, I gave her the umbrella.'
'Hurt me!' she begged, leaning over the dining table expectantly. 'OK,' I replied, 'Your turkey's too dry and your sprouts are overcooked.''
'Her face was flushed with desire, her lips inflamed with lust. " Choke me," she begged. So I deleted season 4 of Doctor Who off of the PVR.'
'"You're so twisted! She said, grinning mischievously. "It's not my fault," He replied, "Scoliosis is mostly genetic."'
''Which whip today?' she rasped, tightly clad in black leather. 'I don't know' I replied 'I can never decide between banana and butterscotch''
'He accidentally mixed up his Viagra with his laxatives, couldn't say If he was coming or going.'
''Hold my wrists!' she begged, 'I need to be restrained!' 'Alright' I said, 'But wouldn't it be easier just to delete your Facebook account?''
'As soon as I closed the door, the sparks really began to fly. I guess she was right about not putting baked bean tins in the microwave.'
'She told me she was into extreme bondage . . . so I took her to see Skyfall six times.'
'Feeling experimental she tells him that she wants to try a threesome. "Alright" he says and invites Dr Sheldon Cooper for a Halo threesome.'
''So many accomplishments, Mr Grey'. She said as she inspected his Candy Crush high score.'
''I want it now against this wall!' she ordered, 'And keep it up as long as possible.' 'Don't worry,' I said, 'I know how to put up a shelf.''
'He enjoyed 3.141592 in a bed. He was Pi-sexual.'
''Pleasure and pain can be experienced simultaneously,' he grinned, handing her a slice of pizza as they watched The Phantom Menace.'
'"Stop, I can't do this without protection!" he exclaimed as he plugged his gaming laptop into the surge protector.'
'She sat there on the chair blindfolded as he shoves it into her tiny mouth. She could taste it all, she liked the flavor of the gum'
'I put her over my knee and soon the shed was shaking with screams of pain and howls of agony. Damn my arthritis.'
'She leant over the kitchen table. 'Smack that bottom,' she squealed, 'Smack it hard!' 'I am,' I said, 'But the ketchup just won't come out.''
'Her body tensed as she moved up and down the length of the shaft. Up and down, up and down. It was like she'd never used a lift before.'
'The bed shook, creaked and rattled as she gripped the headboard and screamed out my name. It was at this point we were asked to leave Ikea.'
'After hours of desperate fumbling and groping, she finally arched her back and let out a loud, sharp squeal. At last I'd found the TV remote'
''It's so long and hard!' she said, stroking the shaft. 'Of course,' I beamed 'It's a limited edition replica Return of the Jedi lightsaber.''
''Remove your clothes,' she said in a calm, clear voice. 'Now bend over the table.' He silently obeyed. There was no point arguing with Siri.'
'She knelt naked before him, breasts heaving with desperate desire but he just stood there in silence. He didn't know how to talk to girls.'
'"she wanted to be tied up for hours.... I thought she'd appreciate if I left her on hold with tech support"'
'Her body tensed and quivered as she felt wave after wave surge through it. I probably should have told her about the new electric fence.'
'"Do you like it rough" he asked. "As hard as it can be" she answered, as he set the games difficulty to extreme and passed the controller.'
'I inserted my finger, wiggled it around then removed it. She moaned as I entered, 'When are you going to get a new key for that shed door?''
'She gasped as it became harder and stiffer the moment she touched it. I probably should've warned her about that quick-set cement.'
'Bondage is so much easier now we're older. I used to have to blindfold her, now I just hide her glasses.'
